I went to Mr. Ba and personally sent a Weibo response.
Miss Sheng and I are very important people
So is it a confession to His Majesty?
Why?
Ah!
Something Fu Yunxi
You actually did it for that woman
Don't save any face for your mother
Mom
It's not just your face.
It's face that you smear him like that
Have you thought about his face?
So you help him deal with your mother
Mom
You insulted him first
Right?
Am I wrong?
He is a mercenary woman
He is my favorite.
Can you?
Don't always have everything
Things are found in others
Sometimes you should also reflect on yourself
Not everyone is obligated to tolerate you
You are still holding grudges about what happened back then
You help others deal with me
In fact, it's because you still hate me
Right?
Can you?
No.
Everything is always connected to the events of the year
Together?
Mom
Can you let me go?
Let go of yourself
Did I refuse to let it go?
You dare to say
You just
Have you never forgotten what happened back then?
How do you know I'm tired?
How do you know I don't want to forget?
And you know what?
I've had countless nightmares
Every time I dream, a voice is telling me
Even your own mother
I don't love you
You know
One caused him to be scolded online
How did you get this photo?
That's why he came from home on purpose
Come and celebrate my birthday with me
That was 15 years.
The first truly happy birthday
Don't force a smile
Don't be afraid of arguments that may happen at any time
I don't have to answer you again and again.
Do I still remember hating you?
I am your mother
You can go back.
I will move out of the old house
Don't come to me if you have nothing to do in the future.
I'll see you when I have time.